What will you have in place for data breaches? (Confidential)
See Privacy Statement and Disclaimer
Accessibility - Does this mean other languages as well?
Will work on google translate integration
Expand tabs on on maze website section (i.e. Create a History tab and explain). Helps create more illusion of the maze website. 
Will add more tabs
Explain why leaving the danger zone is important. Specifically, making it hopeful that they deserve to be in a safe space for themselves/family. 
Will add this as encouragement 

Disclaimer addition: No guarantees to shelters, but does provide support to a trauma-informed intake process (or something like that)
Perfect addition!
This gets emailed to shelters right, how will you combat favoritism from shelters (i.e. CalWorks)? 
First come, first serve, and if survivor has more than one shelter who can accept them, it’ll be up to their decision

What if a POH gets access to a website and signs up for the website (Discuss tab)?
What if a user is posting malicious content (i.e. hateful, discriminative language)?
Explicit language?
Any malicious content will be flagged and profile removed- can be reported directly to esc gmail

Intake form: Recommend to explain gender identity (hover option), Instead of separating by comma, maybe add numerical list so it's easier for people to type/easier for shelters to review, expand on examples of abuse
Include examples of different scenarios for abuse on the form field

Your Profile: Include no personal identifiers for username (For example: No for Kguzman1992, but yes for Koa333)

How do you foresee a user engaging with the application? Alone, with help?

There are places where there is a lot to read and all the text has more or less the same sizing, so it's hard to tell what are the most important things to focus on. I tend to skim, even when I'm not stressed out and when I am stressed out it is hard for me to read. So, how will you ensure that the user has understood what needs to be understood to move on with the process?

If this is correct, the purpose of this app is to provide a survivor a way to collect all the relevant information that would be needed to find shelter, right? 

Why does a user need to be on a computer to use the application?


consider adding a 'translate' button..it will not be ideal translation, but it might help those not familiar with English

It looks like the completed form comes to the user and to an admin. How do you foresee the admin using the form? Or is this mostly a way to collect the info for the user to keep and follow through

Tell me more about how you keep the sensitive information secure? Sounds like you are not storing it right? What happens if a user can't complete the form in one block of time? Do they have to start from scratch?